- We used alot of icons to match words to help users get a better understanding of each button or element.
- We kept our colour scheme to have non-overpowering colours and we have been consistent in our theme of blue which adds to the consistency of our website. Also, the lack of clatter allows the user to focus on the detail in hand as the website and its pages are quite minimialistic.
- We have made sure that there is never a need to refresh and that each page leads to another so that users will never feel lost. We also have a nav bar to jump between pages for faster navigation.
- Our pages and its functions have very visibile controls where you can easily identify a play or stop game icon which uses icons that users will be familiar as it is using borrowed icons from a music player which improves the learnability.
- The affordance of each element is clear as the text helps convey to the user what the intended purpose is such as a login button or submit a register form or a underlined link that leads to edit pages
- There are alerts and popups provided which helps provide the user with feedback of their actions. This includes when a user clicks on a submit or login button, they are given a message letting them to know what happened. Also, when a user clicks on copy link, there is a green snackbar that indiciates the changing nature of what is to come. 
- Again, if a user tries to log in with wrong inputs, they are notified that they will not be able to log in which is a constraint on their actions and forces them to try again. Also, in our Edit Question page, a user must choose at least 2 answers and between 6 answers in order to be able to submit the form. When they reach this requirement, the button becomes clickable.
- I believe the the user can get to point A to point B in a very logical path where there are enough hints to help the user navigate the website efficiently and effectively without requiring refreshes to begin again. This is because the routes on each page give enough direction to the user.